Update(bonita-bpm-overview): Remove inadequate content and add cards (#1622)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/bonita-bpm-overview.adoc

Bonita is an open-source and extensible platform for business process automation and optimization. The Bonita platform accelerates development and production with clear separation between capabilities for visual programming and for coding.  BPMN graphical notation, full extensibility, and reusable components allow smooth collaboration among the different profiles on the IT team, and with the business teams. Bonita integrates with existing information systems, orchestrates heterogeneous systems, and provides deep visibility into processes across the organization.

The Bonita Platform has two components: the development environment, Bonita Studio, and the runtime environment, Bonita Runtime.

[.card-section]
== Bonita Studio

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:bonita-studio.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Studio# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[After reading what follows, you may want to know more]#]

Reviewer: I think we should never write something like "Read what comes after", it feels weird and doesn't provide any information to the user.

```suggestion
xref:bonita-studio.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Studio# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Develop business process automation applications using Bonita Studio]#]
```

Author: changed into something different

--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:ui-designer-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita UI Designer# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[The other component within Bonita Studio]#]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:ui-designer-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita UI Designer# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Creat user interfaces using the UI Designer embedded in the Bonita Studio]#]
```

Author: changed into something different

--

> Bonita Studio contains all the elements needed to develop and compile a Bonita application. It is a graphical environment for creating processes, applications, data models, and users views (pages and forms). It contains three major design tools:

Reviewer: This is not true anymore, extensions must be developed outside the Bonita Studio. 

We also talk a lot about the 'Bonita Portal' embedded in the Bonita Studio. It doesn't exist anymore, all the paragraph below should be updated.

Author: fixed

= Bonita components
:description: Bonita is an open-source and extensible platform for business process automation and optimization. The Bonita platform accelerates development and production with clear separation between capabilities for visual programming and for coding.  BPMN graphical notation, full extensibility, and reusable components allow smooth collaboration among the different profiles on the IT team, and with the business teams. Bonita integrates with existing information systems, orchestrates heterogeneous systems, and provides deep visibility into processes across the organization.

> Bonita is an open-source and extensible platform for business process automation and optimization. The Bonita platform accelerates the development and production of proces-based applications with a clear separation between capabilities for visual programming and for coding. Indeed, BPMN graphical notation, full extensibility, and reusable components allow for a smooth collaboration among the different profiles on the IT team, and with the business teams. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita is an open-source and extensible platform for business process automation and optimization. The Bonita platform accelerates the development and production of process-based applications with a clear separation between capabilities for visual programming and for coding. Indeed, BPMN graphical notation, full extensibility, and reusable components allow for a smooth collaboration among the different profiles on the IT team, and with the business teams. +
```

Morevoer, Bonita integrates with existing information systems, orchestrates heterogeneous systems, and provides deep visibility into processes across the organization.

The Bonita platform has two main components: the development environment, Bonita Studio, and the runtime environment, Bonita Runtime.

== Bonita Studio

> Bonita Studio contains all the elements needed to design and compile processes allowing entities of an organization to handle data in a standardized and traceable way. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita Studio contains all the elements needed to design and build processes allowing entities of an organization to handle data in a standardized and traceable way. +
```

Indeed, it is a graphical environment for creating processes and data models, to manage the organization of people that will do the tasks, and create the connectivity between Bonita and the IT environment it will orchestrate. +

By default, users can use the Bonita User application to view and complete the process tasks for all processes. +

> But with Bonita, you can also build personalized process-based applications that will display customized views of the business data. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But with Bonita, you can also build personalized process-based applications that will display customized views of the business data. +
Bonita comes with an application designer and a UI designer to create those applications.
```

> 

Reviewer: No need for a line break here
```suggestion
```

> To do so, Bonita Studio also contains an application designer, and a UI Designer.

Reviewer: Sentence moved into the bloc above to avoid unwanted line break. Also, I suggest to avoid the  'to do so', it fells weird. And you start the next line with 'So' -> 

'To do so' ...
'So' ...

-> No pleasant to read, it feels like you are speaking.

```suggestion
```

> So, Bonita Studio contains three major design tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, Bonita Studio contains three major design tools:
```

* the whiteboard, for drawing a process flow diagram and defining the detail of steps, transitions, decision points and other process elements

> * the Development menu, to extend the Studio capabilities and create your data models

Reviewer: I'm not sure that it is correct to talk about the 'Three major design tools' and then to talk about extending the Studio capabilities in the second item, it feels a bit contradictory.

```suggestion
* Several development tools, to design data models, process-based applications ...
```

> * the UI Designer, which is used to create application pages and process forms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the UI Designer, used to create process forms, application pages and layouts
```

Bonita Studio is the development tool for both the Citizen developers and the Professional Developers. +
Citizen developers (Business Analysts, Business Project Managers, Power Users) work in the Studio and the UI Designer to input business-level information to the project: application skeletons, processes, data model, and high-level user-interfaces. +
As for the Professional developers, the back-end Java developers work in both the Studio and their favorite IDE, and the front-end developers work in the Studio, the UI Designer as well as their favorite IDE. +

[.card-section]
=== Related documentation pages

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bonita-studio.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Studio# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Create process-based applications for business users]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:ui-designer-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita UI Designer# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Create the User Interfaces of you applications]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:bonita-studio-download-installation.adoc[[.card-title]#Studio installation# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[First step to use Bonita Studio]#]
--

> Bonita Studio also embeds a *Bonita Runtime* (Tomcat, UI Designer, Bonita provided applications, Bonita Engine, and an h2 database), suitable for testing an application that is in development. When you run a process, it is automatically deployed onto the development platform.

Reviewer: The UID is absolutely not related to the Runtime.

```suggestion
Bonita Studio also embeds a *Bonita Runtime* (Tomcat, Bonita provided applications, Bonita Engine, and an h2 database), suitable for testing an application that is in development. When you run a process from the Studio, it is automatically deployed onto the embedded Runtime (the development environment).
```

> Then, once a process is ready, you can xref:build-a-process-for-deployment.adoc[build] it and deploy it on your Bonita qualification or production Runtime environment. +

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's relevant to talk about building and deploying a 'process'. Today we talk about building and deploying applications, which include related processes, business data model, profiles, organization, and any required artifact. 
I d'ont know if we have a page that explain how to manually deploy a whole Bonita application (since BCD is for subscription users), but I definitively think that we should not encourage users to only deploy process, especially on an high level page.

[#platform]

== Bonita Runtime

Bonita Runtime is composed of one or more Bonita Server nodes installed on some hosts (physical machine, virtual machine, a cloud instance, a container like Docker, ...). A Bonita Runtime composed of multiple nodes constitutes a cluster. +

> Bonita Runtime is where the Bonita provided applications are located. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita provided applications are embedded in the Bonita Runtime. +
```

Author: This whole section is bad old legacy. Removing it.

As mentioned before, the Bonita User Application is the part of Bonita that is visible to process users, who use it to view tasks and take actions thanks to a generic task list for all processes they are involved in. +

> Bonita also comes with three very useful applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita also comes with three other very useful applications:
```

> * Bonita Administrator Application: the tool used by the tenant administrator to xref:processes.adoc[install, deploy and manage processes] and to xref:applications.adoc[build applications]. We use the word "tenant" here, in case the platform would be made of xref:multi-tenancy-and-tenant-configuration.adoc[several tenants]. 

Reviewer: Are you sure we want to encourage users to build applications from the Admin application? 
I think that it would be better here to talk about managing the organization, the resources and the access control.

Author: Totally agree. This is old content to update. Changing that.

> * Bonita Super Administrator Application: the tool used by the technical user to setup the Bonita Runtime environment with organization, Business Data Model, and applications. It is also the maintenance tool that allows to pause and resume the BPM Services, for, for example, updating the Business Data Model. 

Reviewer: Well the only specificity of the super admin app is the ability to update the BDM. It is also used the setup the Organization the first time because there is only one user which has only access to the super admin app, but after that the default admin app is enough to manage the Organization and the application resources.
When I read you paragraph I understand that I can only manage the Organization through the super admin app.

Author: Fair enough. Fixing it

* Application Directory Application, THE ONE URL to remember for all Bonita users, displaying the catalog of all applications accessible by the logged user.

[.card-section]
=== Related documentation pages

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:engine-architecture-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Engine# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[The tool to execute the processes, send and receive information to/from your IT environment]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:bonita-bpm-installation-overview.adoc#platform[[.card-title]#Install Bonita Runtime# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Install Bonita Engine and Bonita provided applications in a qualification or production environment]#]

Reviewer: Too long for the card

```suggestion
xref:bonita-bpm-installation-overview.adoc#platform[[.card-title]#Install Bonita Runtime# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Install Bonita Engine and Bonita provided applications]#]
```

[#platform]

[.card-section]
== Bonita Runtime

[.card.card-index]
--

> xref:engine.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Engine# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[After reading what follows, you may want to know more]#]

Reviewer: Same suggestion, don't write "Read what it's after" :)

```suggestion
xref:engine.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Engine# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[Execute your business process automation applications in the Bonita Engine]#]
```

Author: changed into something different

--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:admin-application-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita Administrator application# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[The main user interface provided by Bonita]#]
--

[.card.card-index]
--
xref:user-application-overview.adoc[[.card-title]#Bonita User application# [.card-body.card-content-overflow]#pass:q[An example of a todo list-based application provided by Bonita]#]
--

Bonita Runtime is composed of one or more Bonita Server nodes installed on some hosts (physical machine, virtual machine, a cloud instance, a container like Docker, ...). A Bonita Runtime composed of multiple nodes constitutes a cluster.

> xref:engine-architecture-overview.adoc[Bonita Engine] is the execution engine of Bonita.

Reviewer: Same, do not talk about the Bonita portal anymore. (below)

Author: fixed
